cluster	dummy
nld	ik ben er
tur	ben geldim
language	wuu	Shanghainese
language	nya	Chinyanja
language	ckt	Chukchi
language	npi	Nepali
language	por	Portuguese
language	cycl	CycL
language	sah	Yakut
language	abk	Abkhaz
language	swh	Swahili
language	heb	Hebrew
language	xho	Xhosa
language	swe	Swedish
language	toki	Toki Pona
language	hye	Armenian
language	est	Estonian
language	guj	Gujarati
language	shs	Shuswap
language	ara	Arabic
language	pol	Polish
language	kur	Kurdish
language	kin	Kinyarwanda
language	glg	Galician
language	aze	Azerbaijani
language	kaz	Kazakh
language	gle	Irish
language	kir	Kyrgyz
language	kum	Kumyk
language	bre	Breton
language	vie	Vietnamese
language	spa	Spanish
language	udm	Udmurt
language	kat	Georgian
language	bak	Bashkir
language	nob	Norwegian (Bokmål)
language	isl	Icelandic
language	arq	Algerian Arabic
language	nog	Nogai
language	gla	Scottish Gaelic
language	ron	Romanian
language	mgm	Mambae
language	ell	Greek
language	kal	Greenlandic
language	mon	Mongolian
language	som	Somali
language	arz	Egyptian Arabic
language	non	Norwegian (Nynorsk)
language	yue	Cantonese
language	san	Sanskrit
language	ppl	Pipil
language	ain	Ainu
language	nov	Novial
language	ita	Italian
language	tat	Tatar
language	lvs	Latvian
language	roh	Romansh
language	qya	Quenya
language	tam	Tamil
language	ukr	Ukrainian
language	deu	German
language	mrj	Hill Mari
language	mri	Maori
language	pms	Piedmontese
language	cmn	Chinese
language	ces	Czech
language	srp	Serbian
language	kor	Korean
language	eus	Basque
language	rus	Russian
language	mar	Marathi
language	orv	Old East Slavic
language	ksh	Kölsch
language	sjn	Sindarin
language	eng	English
language	mal	Malayalam
language	enm	Middle English
language	tlh	Klingon
language	hun	Hungarian
language	ewe	Ewe
language	bul	Bulgarian
language	sin	Sinhala
language	sqi	Albanian
language	pes	Persian
language	pnb	Punjabi (Western)
language	jpn	Japanese
language	zsm	Malay
language	khm	Khmer
language	wln	Walloon
language	cym	Welsh
language	bod	Tibetan
language	lzh	Literary Chinese
language	slk	Slovak
language	uig	Uyghur
language	afr	Afrikaans
language	cor	Cornish
language	oci	Occitan
language	tel	Telugu
language	mlt	Maltese
language	hau	Hausa
language	hin	Hindi
language	haw	Hawaiian
language	hil	Hiligaynon
language	cha	Chamorro
language	slv	Slovenian
language	nld	Dutch
language	hat	Haitian Creole
language	ltz	Luxembourgish
language	lld	Ladin
language	mlg	Malagasy
language	ind	Indonesian
language	ina	Interlingua
language	avk	Kotava
language	pdc	Pennsylvania German
language	chv	Chuvash
language	ang	Old English
language	nds	Low Saxon
language	urd	Urdu
language	awa	Awadhi
language	lkt	Lakota
language	pcd	Picard
language	ber	Berber
language	ota	Ottoman Turkish
language	uzb	Uzbek
language	tur	Turkish
language	fao	Faroese
language	ben	Bengali
language	bel	Belarusian
language	tuk	Turkmen
language	zul	Zulu
language	dan	Danish
language	jbo	Lojban
language	mkd	Macedonian
language	oss	Ossetian
language	tet	Tetun
language	epo	Esperanto
language	scn	Sicilian
language	chr	Cherokee
language	tgk	Tajik
language	tgl	Tagalog
language	cat	Catalan
language	amh	Amharic
language	nan	Min Nan Chinese
language	fra	French
language	bho	Bhojpuri
language	xal	Kalmyk
language	ast	Asturian
language	fin	Finnish
language	hsb	Upper Sorbian
language	nah	Nahuatl
language	lad	Ladino
language	mnw	Mon
language	sna	Shona
language	vol	Volapük
language	grn	Guarani
language	hrv	Croatian
language	que	Quechua
language	yid	Yiddish
language	lao	Lao
language	lat	Latin
language	crh	Crimean Tatar
language	lit	Lithuanian
language	tpi	Tok Pisin
language	acm	Iraqi Arabic
language	yor	Yoruba
language	ido	Ido
language	grc	Ancient Greek
language	liv	Livonian
language	ile	Interlingue
language	pan	Punjabi (Eastern)
language	prg	Old Prussian
language	frm	Middle French
language	jdt	Juhuri (Judeo-Tat)
language	tpw	Old Tupi
language	tha	Thai
language	bos	Bosnian
language	nav	Navajo
language	dsb	Lower Sorbian
language	cbk	Chavacano
language	fry	Frisian
source	eng
source	nld
target	tur
